Welcome to this module.
So we added the form in the last lecture,
now it's time to dive deeper into text and fonts.
We already use a custom font we could say from Google fonts,
that's the font we imported earlier in this course
but I think we should dive deeper right here and see what we can do with text and fonts in CSS.
So what will we cover in this module?
Well, we will start and have a look at the difference between a generic and a font family. After we understood
that, we will see how we can use and import font families.
We saw that we did that with Google fonts already,
we will also dive deeper into that but we'll also see that we have other options to use and import
font families in
CSS and by that, on our website.
In addition to that, we'll have a look at a lot of different font properties.
So we will see which properties we have, what impact they have and how we can use them.
Finally, we'll also have a look at the font shorthand, which kind of lets us combine multiple properties
in one single property.
So that's what's inside this module,
let's start now with a theoretical look at generic and font families.